Amritapuri Campus
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham's Amritapuri campus located in the pleasing village of Vallikavu is a multi-disciplinary research and teaching institute peacefully blended with science and spirituality

Amaravati Campus
Welcome to our seventh campus at Amaravati in Andhra Pradesh. Amrita is a multi-disciplinary, research-intensive university and is accredited with the highest possible A++ NAAC grade and is the country’s  5th best-ranked university in the NIRF rankings 2021. We invite you to join our new Amaravati campus in various faculty and administrative positions.

Bengaluru Campus
Amrita University's Bengaluru Campus situated in Junnasandra, Karnataka, aims to create graduates with a solution mindset and a high degree of ethical standards

Chennai Campus
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham's Chennai campus at Vengal, Tamil Nadu offers various engineering programs developed on a choice-based credit system following continuous evaluation by faculties who guide students

Coimbatore Campus
Amrita University's Coimbatore campus started in a hidden village named Ettimadai provides over 120 UG, PG and doctoral programs to a student population of over 12,000 and faculty strength of nearly 1500

Faridabad Campus
A land that has witnessed the historical prominence of ultra-modern facilities in India. A place where science, technology, and research merge to embrace good health across a 130-acre sprawling health city campus.

Kochi Campus
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham's Kochi campus is an extensive campus comprising a premier multispeciality hospital, Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences, School of Medicine, Dentistry, Nursing, Pharmacy, Allied Health Sciences, Center for Nanosciences along with a School of Arts and Sciences and Department of Management as well 

Mysuru Campus
Amrita University's Mysuru campus situated at Bhogadi, Karnataka away from the hustle & bustle of the city combining state-of-the-art facilities offers a perfect environment that fulfills the aspirations of young minds and meets the requirements of future employers

About Amrita Coimbatore:
The beginnings of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Coimbatore can be traced back to 1994 when a School of Engineering was established in an obscure village named Ettimadai, situated at the foothills of the Bouluvanpatty ranges of the Western Ghats in the Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu. During that time, there were 120 students and 13 faculty members. Today, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham has expanded to five campuses located in three different states of India. It has a student population of over 12,000 and a faculty strength of nearly 1,500. The university offers more than 120 UG, PG, and doctoral programs. When Amrita became an institution in January 2003, it was the youngest group of institutions to be conferred…  Read More 
 
Schools Our schools tailor students to explore their passions: School of Artificial Intelligence, Communication , Social & Behavioral Sciences, Computing, Arts, Humanities & Commerce, Physical Sciences, Engineering, Business, Agricultural Sciences 

Coimbatore The beginnings of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham can be traced to 1994 when a School of Engineering was started in an obscure village named Ettimadai, Inside the Campus Kick start your career by involving our various entities.  
Research: Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham is a world class, research intensive institution with national and international reputation as an educational institution providing higher education.  
Amritadhwani: Amritadhwani is the annual college magazine of the campus. Amritadhwani brings a potpourri of creations in five different languages along with descriptions..  
Placements: CIR, Corporate and Industry Relations, one of the important centers of the campus, functions in coordination with the Directorate of CIR…  
Alumni: Amrita Alumni Association strives to create and promote a lifelong bond between alumni and students, and inspire them to care about the past, present and future of Amrita…  
NAD: The copies of the Degree Certificates of the Candidates, graduated in 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 have been uploaded in the NAD Website…  
Admissions: Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham offers programs at undergraduate, integrated, postgraduate and Doctoral levels. The instituion offers admission to all its 200+ undergraduate and post graduate programs in Engineering, Medicine, Dentistry, Nursing…  
Our Chancellor: A renowned humanitarian leader and spiritual teacher, Sri Mata Amritanandamayi is the guiding light of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham. Amma’s concept of education, stress on research and commitment to…  Hostel & Mess Fee 2023-2024 News 2024 2024 2023 2023 2023 Mark your calendar.

You dont want to miss these  Pragati’21 – Annual B-School Festival, ASB Coimbatore  2021 2021 Campus Tour Panoramic view of the Campus Contact us How Can We Help? Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham,
Amritanagar Campus
Coimbatore- 641 112,
Tamil Nadu, India Phone: 044 48133323 
Email: admissionasas@cb.amrita.edu

Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham is a multi-disciplinary, research-intensive, private university, educating a vibrant student population of over 24,000 by 1700+ strong faculty. Accredited with the highest possible ‘A++’ grade by NAAC, Amrita offers more than 250 UG, PG, and Ph.D. programs in Engineering, Management, and Medical Sciences including Ayurveda, Life Sciences, Physical Sciences, Agriculture Sciences, Arts & Humanities, and Social & Behavioral Sciences. With its extensive network of eight campuses spread across Amaravati, Amritapuri, Bengaluru, Chennai, Coimbatore, Kochi, Mysuru, and NCR Delhi (Faridabad), Amrita University stands as one of India’s preeminent private educational institutions. Encompassing an expansive area of over 1200 acres, these campuses offer an impressive built-up space of more than 100 lakh square feet. Renowned for its commitment to academic excellence, Amrita University consistently ranks among the top-tier private universities in the nation, solidifying its reputation as a beacon of quality education. Rankings Amrita has emerged as the seventh best university in the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) Rankings 2023. Amrita School of Medicine, Kochi has been ranked 6th Best in Medicine in NIRF Rankings 2023. In THE University Impact Rankings 2023, a pioneering initiative to recognise universities around the world for their social and economic impact for sustainable future, Amrita has been ranked among the Top 50 in the world. Amrita is emerging as one of the fastest-growing institutions of higher learning in India as we have established 180+ collaborations with top 500 world-ranked universities in a short span of 18 years. World-renowned humanitarian leader, Sri Mata Amritanandamayi Devi, AMMA, is the founding Chancellor and guiding light of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham. Vision Our vision is to be an exemplary institution that thrives on its commitment to the transformative power of value-based education, providing the impetus to develop the expansiveness to harmonize both scientific knowledge and spiritual understanding, to utilize knowledge for societal benefit and contribute to a prosperous and sustainable future for all. Mission Amma’s profound mission of providing education for life, and emphasis on compassion driven research, has shaped Amrita as a unique institution: Education for Life Education for Life There are two types of education: education for living and education for life. Studying to become a professional is education for a living, while education for life requires an understanding of the essential human values. At Amrita, we believe that education should also impart a culture of the heart, based on enduring values and inner strength. Amrita’s culture of education helps to inculcate in our students the right ethos to be rooted in the values of Dharma (righteousness), Karuna (compassion), and Shraddha (mindfulness). Endowed with qualities of acceptance, patience, self-confidence, perseverance, and enthusiasm, the benefit of humanity will become foremost in the students’ thoughts, words and actions. They will then pioneer innovative solutions for the benefit of all humankind, leading to sustainable health and prosperity for all. This resonates with the ancient Sanskrit prayer ‘Lokah Samastah Sukhino Bhavantu’. It is a reminder of our deeper connection to the entire world around us, “May our work contribute to the happiness of all beings.” Compassion Driven Research Compassion Driven Research Our motivation to pursue research is focused on alleviating major global problems related to poverty, starvation, sickness, environmental pollution, and contamination. We believe that if we could transform compassion from a mere word into a path of action, we would be able to address most of the world’s problems. If we take this step courageously, then our research and its outcome will have a special impact,  spontaneity, and power. This has translated into many latest advancements and innovations that have culminated in greater societal benefit. Global Impact Global Impact At Amrita, we stand united in our mission towards solving globally recognized scientific and societal challenges, including environment, development, and health. Amrita stands at the strategic juncture of two streams of cultures: East and West. It is our vision to bring both cultures together to bridge the division through meaningful collaborations with world-class universities and innovative approaches that will benefit the entire planet. Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham at a Glance  200+ 20,000+ 08 1800+ 15 800+ Mata Amritanandamayi Math The Mata Amritanandamayi Math is an international charitable organisation founded by the spiritual leader and humanitarian Mata Amritanandamayi Devi in 1981. The Math conducts charitable work including disaster relief, healthcare for the poor, environmental programs, and scholarships for impoverished students, amongst others. It also runs the eight-campuses of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham. Find Us: Amritapuri Campus Cochin Campus Amaravati Campus Coimbatore Campus Bengaluru Campus Faridabad Campus Chennai Campus Mysuru Campus

What is unique about Amrita –MBA Bangalore Campus?
Amrita – MBA Bangalore campus, offers a unique collaborative twinning program where students will have the opportunity to earn a full-time MBA and an MS (Master of Science) in Management and Business Analytics from University at Buffalo, The State University of New York (USA)

What is a Collaborative Programme?
The Collaborative program can easily be explained as follows. Suppose you join a MBA degree program, say “Masters of Business Administration” for which you need to complete 36 courses and to earn another MS in a closely related field, say Business Analytics. you will need to complete 10 courses in Business Analytics. However, because of the closeness of the two fields, some of the courses could be jointly applicable to both the degrees. When the two degree programs are integrated and offer as a single stream of courses, we have a collaborative Program. Two unique degrees are issued after 2yrs of completion of education called Dual degree Programme.

What are the degrees being offered?
The Collaborative program consists of Two Masters Degrees: (i) MBA (ii) MS in Management: Business Analytics and Systems. The MS is a specialized degree that is uniquely designed to provide aspiring professionals with focused knowledge and skills so that they can grow into executive positions and become effective leaders. This degree is offered by SUNY at Buffalo. The MBA is a Management degree in Business that is designed to grow into Management positions in any industry and is offered by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham.

Are there other examples of such Collaborative programs?
Yes. MIT has similar alliances with the National University of Singapore (NUS) and the Nanyang Technical University (NTU). For example, in the MIT-NUS alliance, students take a single stream of courses, some offered by MIT faculty and others by NUS faculty. After completing the stream, the students earn two MS degrees in Computer Science one from MIT and the other from NUS. The MIT-NTU alliance also works similarly.

How long is the Collaborative program and how is it offered?
The degrees have been jointly designed by Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham and SUNY at Buffalo and will be offered as a single stream of courses over a period of 24 months. The two degrees have overlapping course requirements that have been effectively used to extract the synergies between their respective requirements and leverage the competencies of the faculty from the two universities. As a result, this innovative design of the program would enable the students to complete both the degree requirements in 24 months in a significantly cost-effective and time-effective manner.

Will I get a chance to Visit University at Buffalo, New York?
Yes, As part of the academic exercise, students visit the SUNY campus for 3 to 4 weeks. They attend a full course, visit industries around New York and have a cross cultural engagement.

What skills will I acquire from this program?
The courses are specially designed to focus on the following fundamental skills required of managers: Functional, Technical and Process skills for effective management of organizations and Soft skills. The Functional, Technical and Process skills are focused on the following:
Develop a strategic perspective on high tech industry
Acquire leadership skills
Learn to deal with business partners
Learn to manage projects and teams
Acquire the foundational skills needed in the functional areas
Learn how high tech enabled services are designed and implemented
Acquire the necessary technical skills needed in high tech industry
Learn to leverage technologies, business processes and organizations

The focus on soft skills is as follows:
Learn the art of communication
Develop a sensitivity to cross-cultural issues
Learn to work in teams
Cross psychological barriers
Develop a balance between Work and Life

We believe that the proposed post-graduate dual-degree in management program with the above clear focus would build outstanding professionals who would contribute enormously to the productivity of their firms. Further, the emphasis on the above set of skills would also develop managers into entrepreneurs in their own areas, besides giving them a significant career advantage through the two advanced degrees.

Where will the classes be held?
The classes will be held at the Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Bangalore campus. Amrita has constructed a state-of-the-art class room facility for this program. The faculty from SUNY Buffalo and Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham and the industry experts will come to Bangalore to conduct the classes.

What does each course involve?
Each course would consist of appropriate combinations of: Lectures by Instructors, Guest-lectures by field experts, Case studies, Student group presentations, Tutorials wherever appropriate, Soft skills training, Audio-visual presentations, Projects and Exams.

What additional educational support services will be provided to the students?
Several. The courses will be supported by the following technologies: Web-based asynchronous e-learning support, Instructor – student, student – student, group communications emails and chat rooms, Web hosting of study material, online exams wherever possible, Online program administrative support and Media-equipped classrooms. The students will be provided with the books and study material required for each course. The program administration is housed at the Amrita campus in Bangalore. The administrative office will assist students with all programmatic matters such as course registration, scheduling, study material distribution, exam administration, collection of projects and assignments, all program announcements, etc.

What is the unique value proposition of the programme to the students?
Several. Here they are:
Unique Value: The MBA-MS is a Management degree. This is uniquely designed with a focused coverage of all necessary knowledge areas and skills so the aspiring professionals can grow into executive positions and become effective leaders.
Universal Value: In the MBA- MS In this program, students gets an edge over others as they gain competency in Analytics and Strategic decision making which is the need of the hour.
Career Value: Consequently, the dual-degree would advance the careers of students across several vertical industries. This is a significant expansion of their career options with enhanced flexibility for career migrations.
Distinctive Value: While there are several universities in India including the IIMs, ISB, XLRI etc. that offer management degrees, there is no degree program that is specially focused on the management of High-tech firms.
Market Value: SUNY at Buffalo is a top-tier and well-recognized research university in the US. Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham is a first-rate academic institution in India. The US degree and the Indian degree have tremendous market value both in India and abroad.
Time and Cost Efficiencies: Consequently, the two degrees can be earned in 24 months. Furthermore, The cost of the program is competitive when compared to the best B-Schools in India.
Distinguished Faculty: Several distinguished Professors from the US will be traveling to Bangalore to teach in this program. The program also includes several highly regarded industry experts who will deliver lectures during the courses.
Cost Advantage: Earn US degree in India at a fraction of the total cost of going to US and earning it.

How do I choose which undergraduate program of the AMRITA / UArizona degrees is best for me and what are the cost differentials?
IDP (International Degree Pathway) is best suited for undergraduate students who are desirous of studying in the US but cannot travel now due to COVID-19. You are to enroll at UArizona as a full-time undergraduate student and at AMRITA as an exchange student during the period you are studying at Amrita.  All of the UArizona courses will be delivered online when you are in Amrita. Students will have access to all campus facilities such as Library, Labs, Workshops along with academic support from our highly accomplished international faculty while at Amrita.
During year 1 and 2 at Amrita, you will be paying a highly discounted tuition fee of $10000 per year. Once you travel to UArizona in years 3 and 4, you will pay a reduced fee especially discounted for Amrita students.  You will be granted a UArizona undergraduate degree. Your UArizona degree will be exactly what UArizona students receive who are on-site all four years.  If you are enrolled in a STEM program at UArizona and spend a minimum of one year at UArizona, you will also receive an OPT Certificate that will allow you to work in the U.S. in your area of study for one year.

GCE (Global Campus Experience) is best suited for undergraduate students who would like to earn a US degree along with a one-semester campus experience at UArizona. You are to enroll at UArizona as a fulltime student and as an exchange student at Amrita. You will be paying a highly discounted tuition fee of $10000 per year. All of the UArizona courses will be delivered online when you are in Amrita. Students will have access to all campus facilities, Labs, Workshops along with academic support from our highly accomplished international faculty. You have the option to travel to UArizona for one semester, the only additional cost will be towards the credits you are taking at UArizona.You will be granted a UArizona undergraduate degree for a much lower fee than someone who was not previously registered at AMRITA. Your UArizona degree will be exactly what UArizona students receive in the US for a similar program.

DDP (Dual Degree Program) is best for undergraduate students who are enrolled full time with Amrita for a degree program and are also keen to pursue a UArizona degree simultaneously to have an international edge. You are to enroll at UArizona for the individual courses required in your field of study. You will be paying normal Amrita fees plus substantially reduced UArizona tuition fees for the courses enrolled on a per credit basis.   You have the option to travel to UArizona for one year, additional cost will be for the credits you are taking.  You will be granted a UArizona undergraduate degree and an undergraduate degree from Amrita after successful completion of the course.

If you are enrolled in a STEM program at UArizona and spend a minimum of one year at UArizona, you will also receive an OPT Certificate that will allow you to work in the U.S. in your area of study for one year. Your UArizona degree will be exactly what UArizona students receive in the US for a similar course. 


For Amrita Coimbatore classes will start at 8.50 AM and continues to 10.30 AM and break for 15 minutes and from 10:45 AM–1PM classes and 1 hour lunch break, then 2–4:30 PM classes

Clubs in Amrita Coimbatore:  Natyasudha, Raagasudha, N.S.S, Team Media, GDSC (Google Developer Student Clubs), IETE, Toastmasters Club, WiCyS, Elite, Intel IoT, Students Debating Society, Anatham, Arya, ASTRA, Astha, Mindspace, Shristi, SAE, vajra, Nature Club, Chetana, Maardhani, Sanskriti, Prachodana, Prerana,Nādam, Photography, Amrita Talkies, SPICMACAY, Sahaya, Block Chain, ATC, CyberReach, KOLECT

The IETE Club at Amrita is focused on bridging the gap between computer science and electronics, and welcomes anyone interested in software development, embedded systems, hardware design, or telecommunications.

Anantham is the Mathematics Club at Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Coimbatore, named after the Sanskrit word for "infinity." The club aims to create a space for diverse perspectives and understanding of mathematical concepts. It serves as a platform for collaborative learning, where students from various programs, including Integrated MSc, MSc Mathematics, Integrated MSc Data Science, and MSc Applied Statistics and Data Analytics, come together to share experiences and engage in discussions. All students in the mentioned programs are automatic members, and students from undergraduate Engineering programs are also welcome. Anantham seeks to foster interdisciplinary interactions, promoting a healthy academic culture and helping overcome mathophobia. The club organizes activities such as concept discussions, lectures, mathematical games, and quizzes, utilizing models and mathematical software. The informal club environment goes beyond the classroom experience, encouraging the development of social qualities like cooperation and open-mindedness through group work. Expert lectures, events on mathematicians' occasions, and a focus on the history of mathematics contribute to a broader and deeper understanding of the subject. Faculty coordinators, led by Dr. K. Gayathri, Assistant Professor-SG, and Class Advisors from the Department of Mathematics, guide the activities of Anantham. Overall, the club aims to help students appreciate the beauty of mathematics, understand its subtleties, and stay informed about recent developments in the field.

The Arya Club aims to revitalize the student community by fostering meaningful interaction between students and teachers, with a primary goal of enhancing self-awareness and understanding of the world. Recognizing the significance of a balanced development encompassing both competence and character, the club emphasizes the integration of technical education with ethical and moral values. In response to the challenges faced by students in prestigious institutions, the club seeks to address issues such as destructive habits that hinder a bright future. To achieve this, the club proposes a unique pedagogical approach through interactive discussions, workshops, guest lectures, college-level competitions, group discussions, and soft skills workshops. The focus areas include psychology for positive thought harnessing, sociology to comprehend societal functions and challenges, philosophy to explore fundamental life-related problems, awareness of current and past affairs, personality study for insights into successful individuals, and promoting patriotism and the importance of Indian culture and heritage among students. The Arya Club thus serves as a crucial forum for ethical and moral awareness, contributing to the holistic development of students.

ASTHA, the Amrita Science and Technology Action Forum, established in 2010 under the Department of Sciences, has played a pivotal role in reshaping student perceptions of science and providing a platform to appreciate its beauty. With a focus on fostering a genuine interest in various aspects of science and technology, ASTHA aims to cultivate a spirit of exploration, experimentation, and discovery. The club's objectives include identifying and nurturing a passion for inquiry and collaborative tasks, staying updated on developments in science and technology, and executing projects that provide practical insights into the subject. ASTHA actively organizes seminars, workshops, quizzes, and popular lectures, promoting interdisciplinary activities. Serving as a grooming ground for innovation and entrepreneurship, the club encourages members to present project ideas, inviting collaboration from interested students and faculty. Those interested in joining ASTHA are welcomed to reach out to Ms. Lakshmi Mohan in the Department of Sciences, Physics division, for further details.

Srishti - The literary club provides a platform to showcase the literary aspirations and talents of the students. It is an excellent forum for self expression and cultural aspirations of the students. Poetry-reading sessions, debates, extempore speeches, quizzes, cross-word games, book and film reviews, play enactments, and classical movie screenings are showcased at the forum. Besides the English events, the club also organizes events in regional languages like Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and Hindi.

Natyasudha is the dance club and Ragasudha is the Music club of Amrita.

At Intel IoT Club, our mission is to empower and nurture students who are eager to engage with developer communities and drive innovation in the fields of IoT and AI. We believe that the key to solving real-world problems lies in collaboration and knowledge-sharing, which is why we offer a variety of Events, Workshops, Industrial Trainings and resources that enable our students to deepen their skills and stay up- to-date with the latest hardware and software solutions by Intel. Our IoT track, in particular, is designed to provide students with hands-on experience and practical knowledge that can help them tackle complex challenges and develop impactful projects. Join us and be part of a community that is passionate about learning, creativity, and social impact!

Amrita Talkies is a club whose focus is to give the members an experience and technical knowledge on film appreciation and filmmaking through movie screenings, workshops, and competitions. In recent times we had conducted a couple of activities under the club which include a film-making competition as part of Gokul Ashtami 2022 and a movie screening during the 75th Independence day celebration under the title Azadi Ki AmritMahotsav.

The sahaya club is a social club of Amrita University,Coimbatore aiming at helping the needy right from children to the elderly with whole hearted service

Amrita Students Debating Society (ASDS) of Corporate and Industry Relations (CIR) is a forum of 30 students and a few faculty members. It has been started with a vision to foster a dynamic learning space outside classroom. It is a platform for our students to collaborate and deliberate on issues that affect the world. ASDS aims to tap into the potential that debating has in a person’s character formation, which holds the key for her or his overall success in life. At ASDS, we meet once a week when members take part in a debate that is in line with the international format. The topics are chosen a week prior upon gathering different views of all the members. This provides sufficient time for everyone to prepare well. Apart from strictly adhering to the format, debaters learn to focus primarily on ARE—argument, reason and evidence.Every debate is followed by a comprehensive feedback session.

Amrita Toastmasters Club Mission: We provide a supportive and positive learning experience in which members are empowered to develop communication and leadership skills, resulting in greater self-confidence and personal growth. Amrita Toastmasters Club is a new and modern addition to the more than 13500 Toastmasters clubs worldwide, which helps more than a quarter-million people of every ethnicity, education level and profession, build their competence in communication so that they gain confidence to lead others. Our fellow Toastmasters grow, by regularly giving speeches, leading teams, gaining and giving feedback, and guiding each other to achieve their goals, making each and every member emerge a leader. They learn to tell their stories, to listen and answer, to plan and lead, they find their path to leadership.

ASTRA – Astronomy Club is an eminent student association functioning under the Department of Sciences, Coimbatore campus. This is one of the youngest clubs which is started to enrich the fundamental and scientific knowledge for the students and to implicate the basic and applied science with engineering. This club was started in the year 2011, since then it is actively involved in conducting various programmes related to space. Talks on cosmology, evolution of astronomy, astronomy related scientific movies, quizzes are few such programmes where the club organizes in the past years. The club also organizes periodical lectures to create awareness regarding current development in astronomy among the students.

Anokha, the national techfest of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham Coimbatore, is a 3-day congregation of some of the brightest minds in India. Founded in 2010, Anokha has grown by leaps and bounds and has progressed to become one of the leading techfests in India. Anokha has successfully completed ten editions and boasts an average annual participation of over 10,000 outstanding students from top-ranking engineering institutions in India like IITs, BITS, NITs and IIITs as well as partner universities in USA and Europe namely University of New Mexico, EVRY France and Uppsala University-Sweden.

Eventide, the cultural extravaganza of Anokha, has brought joy to thousands over the past decade through explosive performances from talented and captivating artists. The performances leave our audience in awe, showcasing the magnificence of human expression through art. Some passionate artists who have previously graced the stage include percussionist Sivamani; playback singers Vijay Prakash, Karthik, Benny Dayal, Haricharan, Rahul Nambiar, Alaap Raju, Shaktisree Gopalan, Sunitha Sarathy, Ranjani-Gayatri, and Nikita Gandhi. Eventide has become a platform for the celebration of India’s rich cultural heritage and diversity featuring performers from all over the country. Between soulful classical music, scintillating film numbers and explosive percussion, we’ve explored every genre you can name. It’s been an incredible experience to witness the dedication of the performers who have left a lasting impression on the audience.

Techfair in Anokha fest, brings students from different universities across the country and gives them an opportunity to showcase their novelty to industrialists and resource persons. One of the best platforms to exhibit talent and innovation, this extravagant showcase brought together under a single roof not only helps students showcase their talent, but also acts as a fantastic opportunity to learn & grow.
